I'm here at CubeCon and we're excited to
tell you more about our Google Cloud and
NVIDIA developer community and I've got
Sanjay here to tell me a little bit more
about harnessing GPUs on Google Cloud.
Could you tell me about making the most
of AI deployment on Google Cloud?
>> Today you see that AI inference is
getting deployed on single node and
multiple nodes and it's getting [music]
deployed both as aggregated and
disagregated systems. So it's getting
more difficult to manage all of these
components well with Kubernetes on
complex hardware. So today we are
introducing a simple API called Grove
which allows you to streamline and it
makes it simple to deploy this very
easily on Kubernetes and uh manage and
abstract away all the complex
infrastructure underneath. I would love
for you to check it out.
>> Now I'm here with Mike from Nvidia.
Mike, can you help me better understand
my performance of my apps on the cloud?
Yeah, it can be really challenging to
understand uh your application
performance in the cloud, especially
when you're dealing with distributed
applications over multiple GPUs over
multiple systems. [music] So, you can
use Insight Cloud to be able to profile
your workloads and uh be able to drill
in, find out where your bottlenecks are.
>> Now, I'm here with Egan from Nvidia.
When my apps are getting like high
traffic and need to scale up, my pods
are just sitting there doing nothing.
Can you tell me what's going on, please?
The LLMs are getting bigger and bigger
every day. You need to load them quickly
when your users are waiting to get an
answer. You first need to load tensors
from storage to CPU and then to GPU
takes a lot of time and it's not
optimized well enough. So in order to
solve that, it's called RAI model
streamer. We are working with the GKE
team. So it supports cloud storage on
any storage types. We stream model
weights uh to GPU while reading them
concurrently from any storage type. We
are saving a lot of times. We have
amazing benchmarks that are coming up.
You should give it a try.
>> I will. Thanks, Egan. And you can find
this and more at the Google Cloud and
Nvidia developer community. Join now.